You push aside another thick burlap curtain, and walk into a large bedroom, much like the first one, except with wooden walls, and a nicely sized window overlooking the forest...

The bed is the first thing you notice. Or in truth the desk is, given it's right under the window, but you're quickly distracted by the bed. It's some metal contraption, roughly welded together to make a frame. A salvaged trampoline adds spring, a thin mat on top adds comfort and reduces the chance of cutting yourself open. The blankets on top are messy: whoever slept in this monster last doesn't seem to be one to make the bed after using it. A metal chest sits at the foot of the bed, knee-tall and (probably) locked.

The desk, centered under the window, is almost as messy as the bed: a notebook sits in the center, on top of several sheets of loose-leaf. A few pencils and a stray pen sit on the edge of the desk, the rest are in a cup near the back-right corner. The desk itself is not much special--sturdy, a drawer in the center, and stained mahogany--having clearly been built for utility rather than style. The chair tucked under at an angle shares the same design, though the back has a modest, looping design carved into it.

On the right side of the room against the wall is a hip-high dresser, about twice as wide as it is tall. It has six drawers, the stack on the right thinner than the ones on the left. Presumably they're filled with clothes, which makes what's sitting on top far more interesting. A large... well, dollhouse, takes up most of the top of the dresser, made incredibly detailed. It really does look like a full-sized house that someone shrank. A small felt-covered black box sits inconspicuously next to it, closed.

Right next to the dresser, closer to the door, stands a tall bookshelf: tall enough, in fact, that it stretches to the ceiling. Its height makes it even more sad that it's mostly empty... only a handful of books sit on a shelf at shoulder-height, and they seem to all be manuals on various subjects.	