Shield pendant[s]

A small wooden shield pendant, with a leather strap to hang it around your neck.

In your hands, or perhaps around your neck, is a shield-shaped pendant carved of wood and no more than two inches long. A leather strap passes through a hole drilled in the top and is tied together in a square knot, leaving enough slack to slip it over your head.

--------------------------------
Dragonscale pendant[s]

A dragon scale with a hole drilled through it, hung on a leather cord.

`~In all honesty, there's not much special about this pendant, other than the fact that it's well-crafted. The scale is a little smaller than your palm, with two holes drilled near the top curve. The thin leather strap passes through one from behind and passes back through the other, then gets tied in a simple square knot to complete the loop. `n`nStill... you can't deny that something seems off about it.`nMaybe it's that the strap fits over your head just fine, but is always long enough to sit comfortably on your chest.`nMaybe it's that the scale seems to be changing colors. You can't remember what it was last, but it certainly wasn't `$red.`~ Was it?`nMaybe it's that no matter `iwhat`i color it is, it always shines like an oil sheen, even if it doesn't seem the color could support it.`n`n...Maybe there `iis`i something special about it.

--------------------------------
Wood and Metal wedding ring

Wood and steel, bound so tight you can't see the seam.

Wood hugs steel in a helix pattern beneath the surface of this wedding ring, bound so tight together
that if it didn't change color you wouldn't be able to see the seam. The band is smooth; you can't
help but wonder how something like this could possibly be made. And then, of course, you remember
where you are. And, hopefully, who gave it to you.

--------------------------------
Memento Mori, the bone knife

This "knife" is little more than half a bone sharpened into a deadly point with a bit of leather wrapped around the boundary between the blade and handle. About ten inches long, it reminds you strongly of death. Notches in the handle change occasionally.

http://lupagreenwolf.deviantart.com/art/Green-bone-knife-1-178371829
Holding the knife the feeling of death is even stronger, as if you're being forcibly reminded that you'll die someday. The notches in the handle make up the only markings on it, deep scores that look like they were hacked into the bone instead of carved. Every so often one will disappear, or another will show up, despite you not remembering doing anything to cause them. In fact, all your efforts to make a permanent mark in the bone are thwarted; even if you do manage to scar it the mark is gone next time you check.
