Down Below

The mustache is still there.

"They still have you guarding this place, even now that it's open?"

He shrugs. "Well, not guardin' exactly. I'm to hand out these pamphlets." He passes you one - it's cheaply-printed and flimsy, and entitled:

What we know about Down Below
The caverns beneath the Island are labyrinthine, dangerous, and not for new Contestants. This pamphlet explains what we know about them so far.

Time and space Down Below
Each Outpost has its own entrance to the labyrinth. The position of Outposts above bears no relation to the position of Outposts below. It is sometimes possible to enter the labyrinth from NewHome, walk a handful of feet, go down one level and exit in AceHigh. Furthermore, the positions of Outposts can change day by day, and various levels of the labyrinth may shift their walls around at midnight.

NewHome is the only Outpost that does not change position, existing always at the upper level of the labyrinth. FoeBots at the upper level are weaker than ones further below. Openings in Outposts apart from NewHome may enter the labyrinth at extremely dangerous levels, and should be treated with caution.

Combat Down Below
Down Below is filled with FoeBots; mechanical beasts with painful electrical stunners. Their complexity and capabilities increase as you descend the levels of the labyrinth.

FoeBots are immune to monster repellent spray and ZAP grenades. The use of BANG and WHOOMPH grenades is unavailable in combat, due to the fragile nature of the labyrinth walls and the possibility for cave-ins - however, BANG grenades can be used outside of combat situations to strategically destroy walls, and WHOOMPH grenades can be used to block the advance of FoeBots.

Helping and hindering forces
While Down Below, it is important to map your progress. Paper, a pencil, and a drawing pin to mark your current position will suffice. Some unknown force will also mark your map with the locations of useful items, level entrances and exits, and even the current locations of FoeBots, if they are in or near to a position you've previously explored.

Whatever force allows you to heal overnight above the Island is not present Down Below. Furthermore, One-Shot Teleporters cannot lock onto a signal underground. If you get knocked out, you will be unable to move until you are ejected from the labyrinth, or until a fellow Contestant helps you escape. If nobody helps you escape, then each time you sleep, an unknown force will raise you one level in the labyrinth, until such time as you reach a level with an Outpost entrance. When that happens, you will be ejected from the labyrinth and escorted to the Retraining Vessel.

In short, it is far more important to fight conservatively Down Below, as the consequences of loss are far greater.

Rewards Down Below
Useful items, Requisition, and Cigarettes can be found Down Below. In addition, you will be scored, per level, one point per monster killed, multiplied by the number of square meters explored, multiplied by the level of the maze. Scores are invalidated if you get knocked out - scores only become valid for Hall Of Fame purposes if you exit the labyrinth conscious and unaided. You will be rewarded for any useful parts of destroyed FoeBots you manage to bring back to the surface. You probably won't have time to pick up every piece of scrap, so choose carefully what you decide to bring back with you.

We hope that you have found this pamphlet helpful.

"Well, then," you mutter.

"You still wanna go in?"